docs/cli.rst, before:

.. _cli:

Command Line Interface
======================

The CLI can be used to either pipe streams to a video player for playback or download them to a file.

Tutorial
--------

The CLI is designed to be as simple as possible to use, in two or less steps you can start playback
of your favorite stream in a desktop video player such as `VLC <http://videolan.org/>`_ or `MPlayer <http://www.mplayerhq.hu/>`_.

Let's say you want to watch the stream located on http://twitch.tv/day9tv, you start off by telling Livestreamer
where to to find information about your stream by giving the URL to ``livestreamer`` as the first argument.
You do not need to specify the whole URL including ``http://``, just ``twitch.tv/day9tv`` will do just fine.

.. code-block:: console

    $ livestreamer twitch.tv/day9tv
    [cli][info] Found matching plugin justintv for URL twitch.tv/day9tv
    Found streams: 240p, 360p, 480p, 720p (best), mobile_high, mobile_low (worst)

Livestreamer will find out what streams are available and print them out for you to choose from. Simply give ``livestreamer``
the stream as the second argument and playback will start in your video player of choice.

The words printed next to stream names within a parantheses are synonyms and can be used when selecting stream to play.
In this case the ``best`` stream is a reference to the stream that is considered to be of highest quality, e.g ``720p``.

.. sourcecode:: console

    $ livestreamer twitch.tv/day9tv best
    [cli][info] Found matching plugin justintv for URL twitch.tv/day9tv
    [cli][info] Opening stream: 720p
    [cli][info] Starting player: vlc

The default player is `VLC <http://videolan.org/>`_, but it can be easily changed using the ``--player`` option.


Now that you have a basic grasp of how Livestreamer works, you may want to look into
customizing it to your own needs, such as:

- Creating a :ref:`configuration file <cli-livestreamerrc>` of options you want to use
- Setting up your player to :ref:`cache some data <issues-player_caching>`
  before playing the stream to help avoiding lag issues


.. _cli-livestreamerrc:

Configuration file
------------------

Writing the command line options every time is painful, that's why Livestreamer
is capable of reading options from a file instead, a sort of configuration file.
Livestreamer will look for this file in different locations depending on your platform:

**Unix-like OSs**
  - ``~/.config/livestreamer/config``
  - ``~/.livestreamerrc``

**Windows**
  - ``%APPDATA%\livestreamer\livestreamerrc``


The file should contain one option per line in the format ``option[=value]``, like this:

.. code-block:: bash

    player=mplayer -cache 2048
    player-no-close
    twitch-cookie=_twitch_session_id=xxxxxx; persistent=xxxxx;


For a list of all the supported options see :ref:`cli-options`.


Plugin specific configuration file
----------------------------------

You may want to to use specific settings for some plugins only. This
can be accomplished by placing those settings inside a plugin specific
config file. Options inside these config files will override the main
config file when a URL matching the plugin is used.

Livestreamer expects this config to be named like the main config but
with ``.<plugin name>`` attached to the end.

A few examples:

  - ``~/.config/livestreamer/config.twitch``
  - ``~/.livestreamerrc.ustreamtv``
  - ``%APPDATA%\livestreamer\livestreamerrc.youtube``

You can see which plugins are installed using the command ``livestreamer --plugins``.

Plugin specific usage
---------------------

Authenticating with Twitch
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

It's possible to access subscription content on Twitch by giving Livestreamer
access to your account. There are two methods to authenticate Livestreamer
to Twitch: Application authorization via OAuth or re-using your web browsers
cookies.

Using the OAuth method is recommended since it is easier and will never expire
(unless access is revoked in your Twitch settings or a new access token is
created), unlike cookies which may stop working if you log out in your browser.


**Application authorization via OAuth**

To authenticate Livestreamer with your Twitch account, simply run this command:

.. sourcecode:: console

    $ livestreamer --twitch-oauth-authenticate


This will open a web browser where Twitch will ask you if you want to give
Livestreamer permission to access your account, then forward you to a page
with further instructions.


**Cookies**

Cookies should be specified in a key value list separated by a semicolon.
In this case only the `_twitch_session_id` and `persistent` keys are required
by Twitch. For example:


.. sourcecode:: console

    $ livestreamer --twitch-cookie "_twitch_session_id=xxxxxx; persistent=xxxxx" twitch.tv/ignproleague
    [plugin.justintv][info] Attempting to authenticate using cookies
    [plugin.justintv][info] Successfully logged in as <username>


Extracting cookies from your web browser varies from browser to browser, try
googling "<browser name> view cookies".

It's recommended to save these cookies in your
:ref:`configuration file <cli-livestreamerrc>` rather than specifying them
manually every time.

.. note::

    Authenticating with Justin.tv is not possible since their video system
    overhaul, but may be a unintended bug and could be fixed in the future.


Authenticating with Crunchyroll
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Crunchyroll requires authenticating with a premiun account to access some of
their content.
To do so, the plugins provides a couple of options to input your information:
``crunchyroll-username`` and ``crunchyroll-password``.

You can login doing the following

.. sourcecode:: console

    $ livestreamer --crunchyroll-username=xxxx --crunchyroll-password=xxx http://crunchyroll.com/a-crunchyroll-episode-link...

.. note::

    If you omit the password, livestreamer gonna ask for it later

Once logged, the plugin makes sure to save the session credentials to avoid
asking your username and password again.

Neverthless, this credentials are valid for a limited amount of time, so it's 
recomended to persist your username and password in your 
:ref:`configuration file <cli-livestreamerrc>` to avoid having to type them
again each time the credentials expires.

.. warning::

    The API this plugin uses isn't supposed to be available to use it on
    computers. The plugin tries to blend in as a valid device using custom
    headers and following the API usual flow (e.g. reusing credentials), but
    this does not assure that your account will be safe from being spotted for
    unusual behavior.

HTTP proxy with Crunchyroll
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
You can use livestreamer's ``http-proxy`` **and** ``https-proxy`` options (you
need both since the plugin uses both protocols) to access the Crunchyroll
servers through a proxy and be able to stream region locked content. When doing
this, is very probable that you will get denied to access the stream; this
occurs because the session and credentials used by the plugin where obtained
when logged from your own region, and the server still assumes you're in that
region. For this, the plugin provides the ``crunchyroll-purge-credentials``
option, which removes your saved session and credentials and tries to log in
again using your username and password.

Advanced usage
--------------

Sideloading plugins
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Livestreamer will attempt to load plugins from these directories:

**Unix-like OSs**
  - ``~/.config/livestreamer/plugins``

**Windows**
  - ``%APPDATA%\livestreamer\plugins``


.. note::

    If a plugin is added with the same name as a built-in plugin then
    the added plugin will take precedence. This is useful if you want
    to upgrade plugins independently of the Livestreamer version.


Playing built-in streaming protocols directly
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

There are many types of streaming protocols used by services today and Livestreamer
implements most of them. It is possible to tell Livestreamer to access a streaming
protocol directly instead of relying on a plugin to find the information for you.

A protocol can be accessed directly by specifying it in the URL format: `protocol://path key=value`.

For example, to access a RTMP stream which requires parameters to be passed along to the stream:

.. code-block:: console

    $ livestreamer "rtmp://streaming.server.net/playpath live=1 swfVfy=http://server.net/flashplayer.swf"


Most streaming technologies simply requires you to pass a HTTP URL, this is an Adobe HDS stream:

.. code-block:: console

    $ livestreamer hds://http://streaming.server.net/playpath/manifest.f4m


Livestreamer currently supports these protocols:


============================== =================================================
Name                           Prefix
============================== =================================================
Adobe HTTP Dynamic Streaming   hds://
Akamai HD Adaptive Streaming   akamaihd://
Apple HTTP Live Streaming      hls:// hlvsvariant://
Real Time Messaging Protocol   rtmp:// rtmpe:// rtmps:// rtmpt:// rtmpte://
Progressive HTTP, HTTPS, etc   httpstream://
============================== =================================================


.. _cli-options:

Command line options
--------------------

.. program:: livestreamer

.. cmdoption:: -h, --help

    Show help message and exit

.. cmdoption:: -V, --version

    Show program's version number and exit

.. cmdoption:: --plugins

    Print all currently installed plugins

.. cmdoption:: -l level, --loglevel level

    Set log level, valid levels: ``none``, ``error``, ``warning``, ``info``, ``debug``

.. cmdoption:: -Q, --quiet

    Alias for ``--loglevel none``

.. cmdoption:: -j, --json

    Output JSON instead of the normal text output and
    disable log output, useful for external scripting

.. cmdoption:: --no-version-check

    Do not check for new Livestreamer releases

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0


Stream options
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. cmdoption:: --retry-streams delay

    Will retry fetching streams until streams are found
    while waiting <delay> (seconds) between each attempt

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --retry-open attempts

    Will try <attempts> to open the stream until giving up

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --stream-types types, --stream-priority types

    A comma-delimited list of stream types to allow. The
    order will be used to separate streams when there are
    multiple streams with the same name and different
    stream types. Default is ``rtmp,hls,hds,http,akamaihd``

.. cmdoption:: --stream-sorting-excludes streams

    Fine tune best/worst synonyms by excluding unwanted
    streams. Uses a filter expression in the format
    ``[operator]<value>``. For example the filter ``>480p`` will
    exclude streams ranked higher than '480p'. Valid
    operators are ``>``, ``>=``, ``<`` and ``<=``. If no operator is
    specified then equality is tested.

    Multiple filters can be used by separating each
    expression with a comma. For example ``>480p,>mobile_medium``
    will exclude streams from two quality types.

.. cmdoption::  --best-stream-default

    Use the 'best' stream if no stream is specified.

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0


HTTP options
^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. cmdoption:: --http-proxy http://hostname:port/

    Specify a HTTP proxy to use for all HTTP requests

    .. versionadded:: 1.7.0

.. cmdoption:: --https-proxy https://hostname:port/

    Specify a HTTPS proxy to use for all HTTPS requests

    .. versionadded:: 1.7.0

.. cmdoption:: --http-cookies cookies

    A semi-colon (;) delimited list of cookies to add to
    each HTTP request, e.g. ``foo=bar;baz=qux``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --http-headers headers

    A semi-colon (;) delimited list of headers to add to
    each HTTP request, e.g. ``foo=bar;baz=qux``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --http-query-params params

    A semi-colon (;) delimited list of query parameters to
    add to each HTTP request, e.g. ``foo=bar;baz=qux``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --http-ignore-env

    Ignore HTTP settings set in the environment, such as
    environment variables (``HTTP_PROXY``, etc) and ``~/.netrc``
    authentication

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --http-no-ssl-verify

    Don't verify SSL certificates. Usually a bad idea!

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --http-ssl-cert pem

    SSL certificate to use (pem)

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --http-ssl-cert-crt-key crt key

    SSL certificate to use (crt and key)

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --http-timeout timeout

    General timeout used by all HTTP requests except the
    ones covered by other options, default is ``20.0``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0


Player options
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. cmdoption:: -p player, --player player

    Player command-line to start, by default VLC will be
    used if it is installed

.. cmdoption:: -a, --player-args

    The arguments passed to the player. These formatting
    variables are available: filename. Default is ``'{filename}'``

    .. versionadded:: 1.6.0

.. cmdoption:: -v, --verbose-player

    Show all player console output

.. cmdoption:: -n, --player-fifo, --fifo

    Make the player read the stream through a named pipe
    (useful if your player can't read from stdin)

.. cmdoption:: --player-http

    Make the player read the stream using HTTP
    (useful if your player can't read from stdin)

    .. versionadded:: 1.6.0

.. cmdoption:: --player-continuous-http

    Make the player read the stream using HTTP, but unlike
    ``--player-http`` will continuously try to open the stream
    if the player requests it. This makes it possible to
    handle stream disconnects if your player is capable of
    reconnecting to a HTTP stream, e.g ``'vlc --repeat'``

    .. versionadded:: 1.6.0

.. cmdoption:: --player-passthrough types

    A comma-delimited list of stream types to pass to the
    player as a filename rather than piping the data. Make
    sure your player can handle the stream type when using this.
    Supported stream types are: ``hls``, ``http``, ``rtmp``

    .. versionadded:: 1.6.0

.. cmdoption:: --player-no-close

    By default Livestreamer will close the player when the
    stream ends. This option will let the player decide
    when to exit.

    .. versionadded:: 1.7.0

File output options
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. cmdoption::  -o filename, --output filename

    Write stream to file instead of playing it

.. cmdoption:: -f, --force

    Always write to file even if it already exists

.. cmdoption:: -O, --stdout

    Write stream to stdout instead of playing it


Stream transport options
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. cmdoption:: --hls-live-edge segments

    How many segments from the end to start live
    HLS streams on, default is ``3``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --hls-segment-attempts attempts

    How many attempts should be done to download each
    HLS segment, default is ``3``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --hls-segment-timeout timeout

    HLS segment connect and read timeout, default is ``10.0``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --hls-timeout timeout

    Timeout for reading data from HLS streams,
    default is ``60.0``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --hds-live-edge seconds

    Specify the time live HDS streams will start from the
    edge of stream, default is ``10.0``

.. cmdoption:: --hds-segment-attempts attempts

    How many attempts should be done to download each
    HDS segment, default is ``3``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --hds-segment-timeout timeout

    HDS segment connect and read timeout, default is ``10.0``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --hds-timeout timeout

    Timeout for reading data from HDS streams,
    default is ``60.0``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --http-stream-timeout timeout

    Timeout for reading data from HTTP streams,
    default is ``60.0``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --ringbuffer-size size

    Specify a maximum size (bytes) for the ringbuffer used
    by some stream types, default is ``16777216`` (16MB).

.. cmdoption:: --rtmp-proxy host:port, --rtmpdump-proxy host:port

    Specify a proxy (SOCKS) that RTMP streams will use

.. cmdoption:: --rtmp-rtmpdump path, --rtmpdump path, -r path

    Specify location of the rtmpdump executable used by
    RTMP streams, e.g. ``/usr/local/bin/rtmpdump``

.. cmdoption:: --rtmp-timeout timeout

    Timeout for reading data from RTMP streams,
    default is ``60.0``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --subprocess-cmdline, --cmdline, -c

    Print command-line used internally to play stream,
    this is only available for RTMP streams

.. cmdoption:: --subprocess-errorlog, --errorlog, -e

    Log possible errors from internal subprocesses to a
    temporary file, use when debugging rtmpdump related
    issues


Plugin options
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. cmdoption:: --plugin-dirs directory

    Attempts to load plugins from these directories.
    Multiple directories can be used by separating them
    with a semicolon (;)

.. cmdoption:: --jtv-cookie cookie, --twitch-cookie cookie

    Specify Twitch/Justin.tv cookies to allow access to
    subscription channels, e.g ``'_twitch_session_id=xxxxxx; persistent=xxxxx;'``

.. cmdoption:: --jtv-password password, --twitch-password password

   Use this to access password protected streams.

   .. versionadded:: 1.6.0

.. cmdoption:: --twitch-oauth-token token

   Specify a OAuth token to allow Livestreamer to access Twitch using
   your account.

   .. versionadded:: 1.7.2

.. cmdoption:: --twitch-oauth-authenticate

   Opens a web browser where you can grant Livestreamer access to your
   Twitch account.

   .. versionadded:: 1.7.2

.. cmdoption:: --crunchyroll-username username

    Specify Crunchyroll username to allow access to streams

   .. versionadded:: 1.7.3

.. cmdoption:: --crunchyroll-password [password]

    Specify Crunchyroll password to allow access to restricted streams 
    (if left blank you will be prompted)

   .. versionadded:: 1.7.3

.. cmdoption:: --crunchyroll-purge-credentials

    Purge Crunchyroll credentials to initiate a new session and reauthenticate.

   .. versionadded:: 1.7.3

.. cmdoption:: --livestation-email email

    Specify Livestation account email to access restricted streams or Premium Quality streams.

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --livestation-password password

    Specify Livestation password for account specified.

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

Commit message:

cli: Add option to load more config files.

docs/cli.rst, after:

.. _cli:

Command Line Interface
======================

The CLI can be used to either pipe streams to a video player for playback or download them to a file.

Tutorial
--------

The CLI is designed to be as simple as possible to use, in two or less steps you can start playback
of your favorite stream in a desktop video player such as `VLC <http://videolan.org/>`_ or `MPlayer <http://www.mplayerhq.hu/>`_.

Let's say you want to watch the stream located on http://twitch.tv/day9tv, you start off by telling Livestreamer
where to to find information about your stream by giving the URL to ``livestreamer`` as the first argument.
You do not need to specify the whole URL including ``http://``, just ``twitch.tv/day9tv`` will do just fine.

.. code-block:: console

    $ livestreamer twitch.tv/day9tv
    [cli][info] Found matching plugin justintv for URL twitch.tv/day9tv
    Found streams: 240p, 360p, 480p, 720p (best), mobile_high, mobile_low (worst)

Livestreamer will find out what streams are available and print them out for you to choose from. Simply give ``livestreamer``
the stream as the second argument and playback will start in your video player of choice.

The words printed next to stream names within a parantheses are synonyms and can be used when selecting stream to play.
In this case the ``best`` stream is a reference to the stream that is considered to be of highest quality, e.g ``720p``.

.. sourcecode:: console

    $ livestreamer twitch.tv/day9tv best
    [cli][info] Found matching plugin justintv for URL twitch.tv/day9tv
    [cli][info] Opening stream: 720p
    [cli][info] Starting player: vlc

The default player is `VLC <http://videolan.org/>`_, but it can be easily changed using the ``--player`` option.


Now that you have a basic grasp of how Livestreamer works, you may want to look into
customizing it to your own needs, such as:

- Creating a :ref:`configuration file <cli-livestreamerrc>` of options you want to use
- Setting up your player to :ref:`cache some data <issues-player_caching>`
  before playing the stream to help avoiding lag issues


.. _cli-livestreamerrc:

Configuration file
------------------

Writing the command line options every time is painful, that's why Livestreamer
is capable of reading options from a file instead, a sort of configuration file.
Livestreamer will look for this file in different locations depending on your platform:

**Unix-like OSs**
  - ``~/.config/livestreamer/config``
  - ``~/.livestreamerrc``

**Windows**
  - ``%APPDATA%\livestreamer\livestreamerrc``


The file should contain one option per line in the format ``option[=value]``, like this:

.. code-block:: bash

    player=mplayer -cache 2048
    player-no-close
    twitch-cookie=_twitch_session_id=xxxxxx; persistent=xxxxx;


For a list of all the supported options see :ref:`cli-options`.


Plugin specific configuration file
----------------------------------

You may want to to use specific settings for some plugins only. This
can be accomplished by placing those settings inside a plugin specific
config file. Options inside these config files will override the main
config file when a URL matching the plugin is used.

Livestreamer expects this config to be named like the main config but
with ``.<plugin name>`` attached to the end.

A few examples:

  - ``~/.config/livestreamer/config.twitch``
  - ``~/.livestreamerrc.ustreamtv``
  - ``%APPDATA%\livestreamer\livestreamerrc.youtube``

You can see which plugins are installed using the command ``livestreamer --plugins``.

Plugin specific usage
---------------------

Authenticating with Twitch
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

It's possible to access subscription content on Twitch by giving Livestreamer
access to your account. There are two methods to authenticate Livestreamer
to Twitch: Application authorization via OAuth or re-using your web browsers
cookies.

Using the OAuth method is recommended since it is easier and will never expire
(unless access is revoked in your Twitch settings or a new access token is
created), unlike cookies which may stop working if you log out in your browser.


**Application authorization via OAuth**

To authenticate Livestreamer with your Twitch account, simply run this command:

.. sourcecode:: console

    $ livestreamer --twitch-oauth-authenticate


This will open a web browser where Twitch will ask you if you want to give
Livestreamer permission to access your account, then forward you to a page
with further instructions.


**Cookies**

Cookies should be specified in a key value list separated by a semicolon.
In this case only the `_twitch_session_id` and `persistent` keys are required
by Twitch. For example:


.. sourcecode:: console

    $ livestreamer --twitch-cookie "_twitch_session_id=xxxxxx; persistent=xxxxx" twitch.tv/ignproleague
    [plugin.justintv][info] Attempting to authenticate using cookies
    [plugin.justintv][info] Successfully logged in as <username>


Extracting cookies from your web browser varies from browser to browser, try
googling "<browser name> view cookies".

It's recommended to save these cookies in your
:ref:`configuration file <cli-livestreamerrc>` rather than specifying them
manually every time.

.. note::

    Authenticating with Justin.tv is not possible since their video system
    overhaul, but may be a unintended bug and could be fixed in the future.


Authenticating with Crunchyroll
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Crunchyroll requires authenticating with a premiun account to access some of
their content.
To do so, the plugins provides a couple of options to input your information:
``crunchyroll-username`` and ``crunchyroll-password``.

You can login doing the following

.. sourcecode:: console

    $ livestreamer --crunchyroll-username=xxxx --crunchyroll-password=xxx http://crunchyroll.com/a-crunchyroll-episode-link...

.. note::

    If you omit the password, livestreamer gonna ask for it later

Once logged, the plugin makes sure to save the session credentials to avoid
asking your username and password again.

Neverthless, this credentials are valid for a limited amount of time, so it's 
recomended to persist your username and password in your 
:ref:`configuration file <cli-livestreamerrc>` to avoid having to type them
again each time the credentials expires.

.. warning::

    The API this plugin uses isn't supposed to be available to use it on
    computers. The plugin tries to blend in as a valid device using custom
    headers and following the API usual flow (e.g. reusing credentials), but
    this does not assure that your account will be safe from being spotted for
    unusual behavior.

HTTP proxy with Crunchyroll
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
You can use livestreamer's ``http-proxy`` **and** ``https-proxy`` options (you
need both since the plugin uses both protocols) to access the Crunchyroll
servers through a proxy and be able to stream region locked content. When doing
this, is very probable that you will get denied to access the stream; this
occurs because the session and credentials used by the plugin where obtained
when logged from your own region, and the server still assumes you're in that
region. For this, the plugin provides the ``crunchyroll-purge-credentials``
option, which removes your saved session and credentials and tries to log in
again using your username and password.

Advanced usage
--------------

Sideloading plugins
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Livestreamer will attempt to load plugins from these directories:

**Unix-like OSs**
  - ``~/.config/livestreamer/plugins``

**Windows**
  - ``%APPDATA%\livestreamer\plugins``


.. note::

    If a plugin is added with the same name as a built-in plugin then
    the added plugin will take precedence. This is useful if you want
    to upgrade plugins independently of the Livestreamer version.


Playing built-in streaming protocols directly
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

There are many types of streaming protocols used by services today and Livestreamer
implements most of them. It is possible to tell Livestreamer to access a streaming
protocol directly instead of relying on a plugin to find the information for you.

A protocol can be accessed directly by specifying it in the URL format: `protocol://path key=value`.

For example, to access a RTMP stream which requires parameters to be passed along to the stream:

.. code-block:: console

    $ livestreamer "rtmp://streaming.server.net/playpath live=1 swfVfy=http://server.net/flashplayer.swf"


Most streaming technologies simply requires you to pass a HTTP URL, this is an Adobe HDS stream:

.. code-block:: console

    $ livestreamer hds://http://streaming.server.net/playpath/manifest.f4m


Livestreamer currently supports these protocols:


============================== =================================================
Name                           Prefix
============================== =================================================
Adobe HTTP Dynamic Streaming   hds://
Akamai HD Adaptive Streaming   akamaihd://
Apple HTTP Live Streaming      hls:// hlvsvariant://
Real Time Messaging Protocol   rtmp:// rtmpe:// rtmps:// rtmpt:// rtmpte://
Progressive HTTP, HTTPS, etc   httpstream://
============================== =================================================


.. _cli-options:

Command line options
--------------------

.. program:: livestreamer

.. cmdoption:: -h, --help

    Show help message and exit

.. cmdoption:: -V, --version

    Show program's version number and exit

.. cmdoption:: --plugins

    Print all currently installed plugins

.. cmdoption:: --config filename

    Loads additional options from this config file. Can be
    repeated to load multiple files.

.. cmdoption:: -l level, --loglevel level

    Set log level, valid levels: ``none``, ``error``, ``warning``, ``info``, ``debug``

.. cmdoption:: -Q, --quiet

    Alias for ``--loglevel none``

.. cmdoption:: -j, --json

    Output JSON instead of the normal text output and
    disable log output, useful for external scripting

.. cmdoption:: --no-version-check

    Do not check for new Livestreamer releases

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0


Stream options
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. cmdoption:: --retry-streams delay

    Will retry fetching streams until streams are found
    while waiting <delay> (seconds) between each attempt

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --retry-open attempts

    Will try <attempts> to open the stream until giving up

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --stream-types types, --stream-priority types

    A comma-delimited list of stream types to allow. The
    order will be used to separate streams when there are
    multiple streams with the same name and different
    stream types. Default is ``rtmp,hls,hds,http,akamaihd``

.. cmdoption:: --stream-sorting-excludes streams

    Fine tune best/worst synonyms by excluding unwanted
    streams. Uses a filter expression in the format
    ``[operator]<value>``. For example the filter ``>480p`` will
    exclude streams ranked higher than '480p'. Valid
    operators are ``>``, ``>=``, ``<`` and ``<=``. If no operator is
    specified then equality is tested.

    Multiple filters can be used by separating each
    expression with a comma. For example ``>480p,>mobile_medium``
    will exclude streams from two quality types.

.. cmdoption::  --best-stream-default

    Use the 'best' stream if no stream is specified.

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0


HTTP options
^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. cmdoption:: --http-proxy http://hostname:port/

    Specify a HTTP proxy to use for all HTTP requests

    .. versionadded:: 1.7.0

.. cmdoption:: --https-proxy https://hostname:port/

    Specify a HTTPS proxy to use for all HTTPS requests

    .. versionadded:: 1.7.0

.. cmdoption:: --http-cookies cookies

    A semi-colon (;) delimited list of cookies to add to
    each HTTP request, e.g. ``foo=bar;baz=qux``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --http-headers headers

    A semi-colon (;) delimited list of headers to add to
    each HTTP request, e.g. ``foo=bar;baz=qux``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --http-query-params params

    A semi-colon (;) delimited list of query parameters to
    add to each HTTP request, e.g. ``foo=bar;baz=qux``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --http-ignore-env

    Ignore HTTP settings set in the environment, such as
    environment variables (``HTTP_PROXY``, etc) and ``~/.netrc``
    authentication

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --http-no-ssl-verify

    Don't verify SSL certificates. Usually a bad idea!

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --http-ssl-cert pem

    SSL certificate to use (pem)

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --http-ssl-cert-crt-key crt key

    SSL certificate to use (crt and key)

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --http-timeout timeout

    General timeout used by all HTTP requests except the
    ones covered by other options, default is ``20.0``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0


Player options
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. cmdoption:: -p player, --player player

    Player command-line to start, by default VLC will be
    used if it is installed

.. cmdoption:: -a, --player-args

    The arguments passed to the player. These formatting
    variables are available: filename. Default is ``'{filename}'``

    .. versionadded:: 1.6.0

.. cmdoption:: -v, --verbose-player

    Show all player console output

.. cmdoption:: -n, --player-fifo, --fifo

    Make the player read the stream through a named pipe
    (useful if your player can't read from stdin)

.. cmdoption:: --player-http

    Make the player read the stream using HTTP
    (useful if your player can't read from stdin)

    .. versionadded:: 1.6.0

.. cmdoption:: --player-continuous-http

    Make the player read the stream using HTTP, but unlike
    ``--player-http`` will continuously try to open the stream
    if the player requests it. This makes it possible to
    handle stream disconnects if your player is capable of
    reconnecting to a HTTP stream, e.g ``'vlc --repeat'``

    .. versionadded:: 1.6.0

.. cmdoption:: --player-passthrough types

    A comma-delimited list of stream types to pass to the
    player as a filename rather than piping the data. Make
    sure your player can handle the stream type when using this.
    Supported stream types are: ``hls``, ``http``, ``rtmp``

    .. versionadded:: 1.6.0

.. cmdoption:: --player-no-close

    By default Livestreamer will close the player when the
    stream ends. This option will let the player decide
    when to exit.

    .. versionadded:: 1.7.0

File output options
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. cmdoption::  -o filename, --output filename

    Write stream to file instead of playing it

.. cmdoption:: -f, --force

    Always write to file even if it already exists

.. cmdoption:: -O, --stdout

    Write stream to stdout instead of playing it


Stream transport options
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. cmdoption:: --hls-live-edge segments

    How many segments from the end to start live
    HLS streams on, default is ``3``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --hls-segment-attempts attempts

    How many attempts should be done to download each
    HLS segment, default is ``3``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --hls-segment-timeout timeout

    HLS segment connect and read timeout, default is ``10.0``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --hls-timeout timeout

    Timeout for reading data from HLS streams,
    default is ``60.0``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --hds-live-edge seconds

    Specify the time live HDS streams will start from the
    edge of stream, default is ``10.0``

.. cmdoption:: --hds-segment-attempts attempts

    How many attempts should be done to download each
    HDS segment, default is ``3``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --hds-segment-timeout timeout

    HDS segment connect and read timeout, default is ``10.0``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --hds-timeout timeout

    Timeout for reading data from HDS streams,
    default is ``60.0``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --http-stream-timeout timeout

    Timeout for reading data from HTTP streams,
    default is ``60.0``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --ringbuffer-size size

    Specify a maximum size (bytes) for the ringbuffer used
    by some stream types, default is ``16777216`` (16MB).

.. cmdoption:: --rtmp-proxy host:port, --rtmpdump-proxy host:port

    Specify a proxy (SOCKS) that RTMP streams will use

.. cmdoption:: --rtmp-rtmpdump path, --rtmpdump path, -r path

    Specify location of the rtmpdump executable used by
    RTMP streams, e.g. ``/usr/local/bin/rtmpdump``

.. cmdoption:: --rtmp-timeout timeout

    Timeout for reading data from RTMP streams,
    default is ``60.0``

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --subprocess-cmdline, --cmdline, -c

    Print command-line used internally to play stream,
    this is only available for RTMP streams

.. cmdoption:: --subprocess-errorlog, --errorlog, -e

    Log possible errors from internal subprocesses to a
    temporary file, use when debugging rtmpdump related
    issues


Plugin options
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. cmdoption:: --plugin-dirs directory

    Attempts to load plugins from these directories.
    Multiple directories can be used by separating them
    with a semicolon (;)

.. cmdoption:: --jtv-cookie cookie, --twitch-cookie cookie

    Specify Twitch/Justin.tv cookies to allow access to
    subscription channels, e.g ``'_twitch_session_id=xxxxxx; persistent=xxxxx;'``

.. cmdoption:: --jtv-password password, --twitch-password password

   Use this to access password protected streams.

   .. versionadded:: 1.6.0

.. cmdoption:: --twitch-oauth-token token

   Specify a OAuth token to allow Livestreamer to access Twitch using
   your account.

   .. versionadded:: 1.7.2

.. cmdoption:: --twitch-oauth-authenticate

   Opens a web browser where you can grant Livestreamer access to your
   Twitch account.

   .. versionadded:: 1.7.2

.. cmdoption:: --crunchyroll-username username

    Specify Crunchyroll username to allow access to streams

   .. versionadded:: 1.7.3

.. cmdoption:: --crunchyroll-password [password]

    Specify Crunchyroll password to allow access to restricted streams 
    (if left blank you will be prompted)

   .. versionadded:: 1.7.3

.. cmdoption:: --crunchyroll-purge-credentials

    Purge Crunchyroll credentials to initiate a new session and reauthenticate.

   .. versionadded:: 1.7.3

.. cmdoption:: --livestation-email email

    Specify Livestation account email to access restricted streams or Premium Quality streams.

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

.. cmdoption:: --livestation-password password

    Specify Livestation password for account specified.

    .. versionadded:: 1.8.0
