docs/donate.rst, before:

Donating
--------

Thank you for considering a donation to the Streamlink team! Streamlink is an
organization composed of a geographically diverse group of individuals. As such
please make your donation directly to the appropriate team member. Note that
donations are not tax deductible as Streamlink does not operate as a charitable
organization. Your donation to a team member may be used in any way and does
not come with expectations of work to be provided or as payment for future
work. If you would like a specific feature implemented considering creating a
bounty on `Bountysource <https://www.bountysource.com/teams/streamlink>`_.

---------------
Streamlink Team
---------------

Bastimeyer 
^^^^^^^^^^

- `Github <https://github.com/bastimeyer>`__
- `Bitcoin <https://blockchain.info/qr?data=1EZg8eBz4RdPb8pEzYD9JEzr9Fyitzj8j8>`__ (`1EZg8eBz4RdPb8pEzYD9JEzr9Fyitzj8j8`)
- `Dogecoin <https://blockchain.info/qr?data=DGkVP7AMUHr2TbVnWy6QyZqSMvCkeEo1ab>`__ (`DGkVP7AMUHr2TbVnWy6QyZqSMvCkeEo1ab`)
- `Flattr <https://flattr.com/thing/3956088>`__
- `Paypal <https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=YUCGRLVALHS8C&item_name=Streamlink%20Twitch%20GUI>`__

Beardypig 
^^^^^^^^^

- `Github <https://github.com/beardypig>`__
- `Bitcoin <https://blockchain.info/qr?data=1Ey3KZ9SwTj6QyASE6vgJVebUiJsW1HuRh>`__ (`1Ey3KZ9SwTj6QyASE6vgJVebUiJsW1HuRh`)

Gravyboat
^^^^^^^^^

- `Github <https://github.com/gravyboat>`__
- `Bitcoin <https://blockchain.info/qr?data=1PpdFh9LkTsjtG2AAcrWqk6RiFrC2iTCxj>`__ (`1PpdFh9LkTsjtG2AAcrWqk6RiFrC2iTCxj`)
- `Flattr <https://flattr.com/profile/gravyboat>`__
- `Gratipay <https://gratipay.com/~gravyboat/>`__

Commit message:

Update donation docs to note open collective (#1105)

docs/donate.rst, after:

Donating
--------

Thank you for considering a donation to the Streamlink team! Streamlink is an
organization composed of a geographically diverse group of individuals.
We accept donations/tips in a variety of ways. If you would like to donate
directly to a specific user, please review their details in the team section
below. If you would prefer to donate to the team as a whole, please use our
`Open Collective <https://opencollective.com/streamlink>`_. Note that
donations are not tax deductible as Streamlink does not operate as a charitable
organization. Your donation to the team or a team member may be used in any
way and does not come with expectations of work to be provided or as payment
for future work. If you would like a specific feature implemented consider
creating a bounty on
`Bountysource <https://www.bountysource.com/teams/streamlink>`_.

---------------
Streamlink Team
---------------

Bastimeyer 
^^^^^^^^^^

- `Github <https://github.com/bastimeyer>`__
- `Bitcoin <https://blockchain.info/qr?data=1EZg8eBz4RdPb8pEzYD9JEzr9Fyitzj8j8>`__ (`1EZg8eBz4RdPb8pEzYD9JEzr9Fyitzj8j8`)
- `Dogecoin <https://blockchain.info/qr?data=DGkVP7AMUHr2TbVnWy6QyZqSMvCkeEo1ab>`__ (`DGkVP7AMUHr2TbVnWy6QyZqSMvCkeEo1ab`)
- `Flattr <https://flattr.com/thing/3956088>`__
- `Paypal <https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=YUCGRLVALHS8C&item_name=Streamlink%20Twitch%20GUI>`__

Beardypig 
^^^^^^^^^

- `Github <https://github.com/beardypig>`__
- `Bitcoin <https://blockchain.info/qr?data=1Ey3KZ9SwTj6QyASE6vgJVebUiJsW1HuRh>`__ (`1Ey3KZ9SwTj6QyASE6vgJVebUiJsW1HuRh`)

Gravyboat
^^^^^^^^^

- `Github <https://github.com/gravyboat>`__
- `Bitcoin <https://blockchain.info/qr?data=1PpdFh9LkTsjtG2AAcrWqk6RiFrC2iTCxj>`__ (`1PpdFh9LkTsjtG2AAcrWqk6RiFrC2iTCxj`)
- `Flattr <https://flattr.com/profile/gravyboat>`__
- `Gratipay <https://gratipay.com/~gravyboat/>`__
