docs/thirdparty.rst, before:

..
    !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

    If you're a developer and want to add your project/application to this list, please

    1. adhere to the same structure and format of the entries of the applications.rst file and this one
    2. add your new entry to the bottom of the list
    3. at least provide the required fields (in the same order)
       - "Description" (a brief text describing your application)
       - "Type" (eg. Graphical User Interface, CLI wrapper, etc.)
       - "OS" (please use the available substitutions)
       - "Author" (if possible, include a link to the creator's Github/Gitlab profile, etc. or a contact email address)
       - "Website"
    4. use an image
       - in the jpeg or png format
       - with a static and reliable !!!https!!! URL (use Github or an image hoster like Imgur, etc.)
       - with a reasonable size and aspect ratio
       - with a decent compression quality
       - that is not too large (at most 1 MiB allowed, the smaller the better)
       - that is neutral and only shows your application
    5. optionally add more fields like a URL to the source code repository, a larger info or features text, etc.

    Please be aware that the Livecli team may edit and remove your entry at any time.

    Thank you! :)

    !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


.. include:: _applications.rst


Third Party Applications
========================


.. content list start


.. replace this line with the first entry


.. content list end


Help us extend this list by sending us a pull request on Github. Thanks!

Commit message:

[docs] Added a Guide of how Livecli can be used with a Browser
It requires Open With
https://darktrojan.github.io/openwith/

Install Guide
https://livecli.github.io/app_open_with.html

Firefox version
https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/open-with/

Chrome version
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/open-with/cogjlncmljjnjpbgppagklanlcbchlno

docs/thirdparty.rst, after:

..
    !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

    If you're a developer and want to add your project/application to this list, please

    1. adhere to the same structure and format of the entries of the applications.rst file and this one
    2. add your new entry to the bottom of the list
    3. at least provide the required fields (in the same order)
       - "Description" (a brief text describing your application)
       - "Type" (eg. Graphical User Interface, CLI wrapper, etc.)
       - "OS" (please use the available substitutions)
       - "Author" (if possible, include a link to the creator's Github/Gitlab profile, etc. or a contact email address)
       - "Website"
    4. use an image
       - in the jpeg or png format
       - with a static and reliable !!!https!!! URL (use Github or an image hoster like Imgur, etc.)
       - with a reasonable size and aspect ratio
       - with a decent compression quality
       - that is not too large (at most 1 MiB allowed, the smaller the better)
       - that is neutral and only shows your application
    5. optionally add more fields like a URL to the source code repository, a larger info or features text, etc.

    Please be aware that the Livecli team may edit and remove your entry at any time.

    Thank you! :)

    !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


.. include:: _applications.rst


Third Party Applications
========================

Open With
---------

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/darktrojan/openwith/d607777c96e228f60743d94f1a3b41e77d473fb0/toolbar-dropdown.png
    :alt: Open With Toolbar

:Description: Open Livecli from your Browser
:Type: Browser extension
:OS: |Windows| |MacOS| |Linux|
:Website: https://darktrojan.github.io/openwith/
:Source code: https://github.com/darktrojan/openwith
:Firefox: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/open-with/
:Chrome: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/open-with/cogjlncmljjnjpbgppagklanlcbchlno
:Install Guide: https://livecli.github.io/app_open_with.html
:Info: This extension displays a list of your browsers on your menus and toolbars in Firefox.
       Clicking on them takes you to the page you're looking at in the browser of your choice.

       This can also be used for *Livecli*, check the install Guide.

Help us extend this list by sending us a pull request on Github. Thanks!
